Docs: Use `instanceof` in `::Range` pattern description (#10404)
github/codeql: docs/ql-design-patterns.md

```
Now, a concrete subclass can derive from `MySpecialExpr::Range` if it wants to extend the set of values in `MySpecialExpr`, and it will be required to implement the abstract `memberPredicate()`. Conversely, if it wants to refine `MySpecialExpr` and override `memberPredicate` for all extensions, it can do so by deriving from `MySpecialExpr` directly.

</details>

### Rationale

Let's use an example from the Python libraries: https://github.com/github/codeql/blob/46751e515c40c6b4c9b61758cc840eec1894a624/python/ql/lib/semmle/python/Concepts.qll#L601-L683

> `Escaping`, as the name suggests, models various APIs that escape meta-characters. It has a member-predicate `getKind()` that tells you what sort of escaping the modelled function does. For example, if the result of that predicate is `"html"`, then this means that the escaping function is meant to make things safe to embed inside HTML.

Author: true, thanks :+1:

> `Escaping::Range` is subclassed to model various APIs, and `kind()` is implemented accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Escaping::Range` is subclassed to model various APIs, and `kind()` is implemented accordingly. This typically happens in library models.
```

Author: ```suggestion
`Escaping::Range` is subclassed to model various APIs, and `kind()` is implemented accordingly (this typically happens in library models).
```

> But we can also subclass `Escaping` to, as in the above example, talk about all HTML-escaping functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But we can also subclass `Escaping`, as in the above example, where `HtmlEscaping` represents all HTML-escaping functions.
```
